Creating the success for an entire site could be quite time consuming.
It would also require a lot of testing out different browsers and indeed different versions of the same
browser.
I'll have slight differences in how age to email and see assess our rendered.
An alternative is to use a C S s framework a framework is a library of prebuilt C S S stylesheets by
including the stylesheets in the next to email page and adding relevant classes to the HDMI elements.
You can style an entire site without writing any C S S at all if you don't want to.
Plus many of these frameworks come with easy to use user interface are you.
Elements that can make your site easier to use.
Frameworks of note include a semantic UI and you like it and if you want something with a small file
size there are lightweight frameworks like mg.
The most popular client side UI framework though is bootstrap.
So that's what we'll be using.
As with Jake Query there are two ways to add bootstrap to your code.
The first is to download it save the SS With you it's temel files and add a link element that refers
to that file.
The second is to load it from a C N.
We just need to copy this stylesheets link.
And paste it in the head section of amrit's to amelle which is in the includes header doppie HP file.
Now as they're improving the library all the time.
The version you see when you copy this link might be slightly different to this one but they generally
maintain backwards compatibility with previous versions.
So I would recommend using the latest version.
Now when we visit our site in the browser by simply including the bootstraps the SS file.
The site has been changed a sansui font has been used.
The font sizes and colours are slightly different and things like borders around text boxes look slightly
different too.
And at this point we can be sure that this now looks the same in all browsers to take advantage of the
various components and options we need to add some extra elements and styles to our astm email which
we'll do next.